yeah
if something goes wrong out
there i'm going to be the one
that has to fix it's going to be
all on me and that's a lot of
pressure to deal with it
you don't know how close the
things you are so I'd be flying
at a pyramid
I'm like man I really hope we
don't crash into this thing
because i don't i have no idea
how close i am
after the helicopter takes off
thats it for a second with just
in the air to kind of get into
the perspective of the
helicopter
now i'm comfortable and now I
can fly because i'm seeing with
the helicopters i am the
helicopter
Jeff member links and
archaeologists and he's been in
Sudan for a few years now
excavating a place called El
crew so I was there to get
aerial coverage of the pyramids
being able to go in the air
allows you to spatially connect
all these different elements and
kind of gain a better
geographical understanding of
what's happening at the site
I remember there was these
granite lions that were outside
of this one temple and I'm like
imagining who carved that thing
you know and it's like this
weird connection you have to
somebody that lived an
incredibly long time ago but
it's also not just the
connection to the past but
linking a people that currently
exists to this past culture
the Nubians have their own
culture and they were building
their own pyramids they had a
separate nubian kingdom
it's really cool especially for
the Sudanese people to get this
identity that's not just
associated with Egypt not what
it's really great to be a part
of that